Add pull request template (#50)
simpeg/user-tutorials: .github/pull_request_template.md

Note that we are a team of volunteers and we appreciate your
patience during the review process.

Again, thanks for contributing!

Feel free to remove lines from this template that do not apply to you pull request.
-->

#### Summary
<!-- Add a summary of this Pull Request. Explain what it provides as tutorial material. -->

#### PR Checklist
* [ ] If this is a work in progress PR, set as a Draft PR
* [ ] Introduction is complete:
    * [ ] Title and author added to notebook
    * [ ] Admonitions for notebook difficulty and computational resources have been added
    * [ ] Keywords list has been added
    * [ ] Summary paragraph describing the tutorial has been added
    * [ ] Learning objectives have been listed
    * [ ] Hyperlinks to other tutorial notebooks added if necessary
* [ ] For sections and subsections:
    * [ ] A header and short summary of what is being done
    * [ ] Links to API documentation added for all classes and functions that are used
    * [ ] Newly introduced functionality is explained or links provided to relevant notebooks
    * [ ] All figures are legible and rendered appropriately

>     * [ ] Coding cells have been linted according to the [style guides](https://docs.simpeg.xyz/latest/content/getting_started/contributing/code-style.html).

Reviewer: We have style guide for this particular repo. I'd suggest linking at those instead of linking to the ones we have in SimPEG.
```suggestion
    * [ ] Coding cells have been linted according to the [style guides](https://simpeg.xyz/user-tutorials/formatting#check-style-of-notebooks).
```
